Node.js
  Purpose : The runtime environment for Javascript.

Dependencies & Libraries :
  1. Express
    Command : npm install express --save 
            (--save automatically adds it to the Dependencies.)
    Purpose : Framework for Node.js for creating Web Application. Node.js is simply a Javascript
    runtime environment, while Express is designed specifically for backend operations.
  2. Mongoose
    Command : npm install mongoose --save
    Purpose : Library that simplifies commands for using MongoDB, such as connecting to the DB.
  3. Body Parser
    Command : npm install body-parser --save
    Purpose : When the client puts together a bunch of info and throws that at the server, there needs
    to be some way to reorganize that and make it into a req.body. Body parser achieves that
  4. Node Mon
    Command : npm install nodemon --save-dev
            (--dev declares that we will use nodemon ONLY during development. 
            eg, not in distrubution or production.)
    Purpose : Say we made some changes in the document where we print a different statement. But, in order
    for that change to be applied, we have to shut down the server and completely restart it again by using
    npm run start. Instead of this, Node Mon detects when the server needs rebooting, and automates that
    process.
  5. Bcrypt
    Command : npm install Bcrypt --save
    Purpose : Encryption of passwords so that the input doesn't go directly to the DB. This will
  6. JSON Webtoken
    Command : npm install jsonwebtoken --save
    Purpose : Used during the Login phase, when user credentials are all correct, we need to create a token
    to identify which account we're dealing with using JSON webtoken.
  7. Cookie Parser
    Command : npm install cookieparser --save
    Purpose : In order to save the Token that we created using JSON Webtoken in the cookie.
    
External Resources :
  1. Postman
    Purpose : Used for testing when the server is established, but the client isn't. In this case, 
    there is no possible way to send a request to a server or receive a response.
    So, Postman takes on the role of the client for the moment.
  2. gitignore
    Purpose : There are many library dependencies in the project as well as security information like
    MongoDB username & password. To prevent all these extra stuff and confidential information from 
    going onto Github, you can use gitignore and config. Add allthe files that have confidential info
    into the gitignore file after you're done.
  3. Killing Server
    netstat -ano | findstr :<PORT>
    taskkill /PID <PID> /F

Logic :
1. Server Establishment
2. Test if server is connected thru GET request
3. DB Connection
4. Since DB is connected, Register function
5. To register the user info with the right structure, need a User.js - Model (MVC)
6. Login function.
7. When Login is successful, create token and save in cookie.
8. Authentification process using token saved in the cookie.
    8.1 First, get the token saved in the cookie from Server
    8.2 Decode the token, which outputs the userId